[Target]
+ Qt C++ via terminator software

----
Day 1: Part I: Basic Qt
Open Qt Creator
File->New File or Project...

Applications -> 
+ Qt Console Application: The *QCoreApplication* class provides an event loop for console Qt application
+ Qt Widget Application: The *QApplication* class for *GUI* Qt application
-> Choose...

Chapter 1: Getting Started
Making Connection
====
```
QObject::connect(button, SIGNAL(clicked()), &a, SLOT(quit()));
```

QPushButton emits a *click()* signal when the user clicks the button. A signal can be connected to a function (called a slot in that context) so that when the signalis emitted, the slot is automatically executed. In our example, we connect the button's clicked() signal to the QApplication object's quit() slot. The SIGNAL() and SLOT() macros are part of the syntax.

Laying Out Widgets
====
[?] use layouts to manage the geometry of widgets in a window
```
    QHBoxLayout *layout = new QHBoxLayout;
    layout->addWidget(spinBox);
    layout->addWidget(slider);
    window->setLayout(layout);
```
We lay out the spin box and slider widgets using a *layout manager*. A layout manager is an object that sets the size and position of the widgets that lie under its reponsibility.

The call to QWidget::setLayout() installs the layout manager on the window. Behind the scenes, the QSpinBox and QSlider are "reparented" to be children of the widget on which the layout is installed, and for this reason we don''t need to specify an explicit parent when we construct a widget that will be put in a layout

[?] use signals and slots to synchronize two widgets
```
    QObject::connect(spinBox, SIGNAL(valueChanged(int)), slider, SLOT(setValue(int)));
    QObject::connect(slider, SIGNAL(valueChanged(int)), spinBox, SLOT(setValue(int)));

    spinBox->setValue(35);
```
We sets the spinbox value to 35. When this happens, the QSpinBox emits the valueChanged(int) signal which sets the slider value to 35. The slider then emits the valueChanged(int) signal because its own value changed, triggering the spin box's setValue(int) slot. But at this point, setValue(int) does't emit any signal, since the spin box value is already 35. This prevents infinite recursion.


Using the Reference Documentation
====
As an exercise, you might want to look up the classes and functions that we have used.
Help -> Index
QObject
Picture here ??




[1][TutorialHelloWorld](http://www.bogotobogo.com/Qt/Qt5_TutorialHelloWorld.php)

